Maintenance Time：
PST Time: Nov 21 23:00 to Nov 22 3:00

Thanksgiving Greetings

On this Thanksgiving, it is with gratitude that we say thank you. Thank you for your continuous support and warm companionship. We would like to express our most sincere gratitude to you. We will continue to work hard to provide adventurers with exciting game content, listen to feedback and suggestions, and constantly optimize the game to provide a fun-filled Midgard Continent! We have prepared a variety of events and rewards, so come to Midgard to experience the Thanksgiving festivities!

## Thanksgiving Limited Events

（1）Pet Memory
 - Duration: 2022/11/24 05:00:00--2022/12/05 04:59:59
 - Content: Try to remember the pet info that appeared on the ground, follow the clues to find the correct location, and win points! Complete quests to obtain abundant rewards during the event, come play with adorable pets!
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（2）Guild Gathering
 - Duration: 2022/11/24 05:00:00--2022/12/05 04:59:59
 - Content: During the event, complete daily quests, participate in guild events, donate various items, enhance the guild cohesion, and finally win generous rewards! At the same time, there are wonderful ranking rewards waiting for you!
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（3）Wishing Carnival
- Duration: 2022/11/24 05:00:00--2022/12/05 04:59:59
 - Content: During the event, adventurers can get rewards and event points by completing the quests in Wishing, and event points can be exchanged for additional rewards!
Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（4）Double Recharge
 - Duration: 2022/11/24 05:00:00--2022/12/05 04:59:59
 - Content: This Thanksgiving, the RO Shop is launching a new Nyan Berry double rebate event. When purchasing the Nyan Berries of each slot for the first time, the received amount will be doubled. Can only take effect once for each recharge slot.
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（5）Holiday Gift
 - Duration: 2022/11/24 05:00:00--2022/12/05 04:59:59
 - Content: During Thanksgiving, a new Thanksgiving pack will be available. Purchase it to receive rewards for 3 days!
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


## Pet System Remastered

### Pet Summoning

The new pet summoning system has landed on the Midgard Continent. Adventurers can get powerful pet partners through pet summoning!

 - There are two kinds of pet summoning: "Ordinary Summoning" and "Legendary Summoning". "Ordinary Summoning" consumes Ordinary Summoning Vouchers or Diamonds, with A-rank pets being the rarest; "Legendary Summoning" consumes Legendary Pet Summoning Voucher or Nyan Berries, with S-rank pets being the rarest
 - Each summoning may bring a pet or pet fragment, B-rank and C-rank pets are converted into 80 fragments, A-rank pets are converted into 100 fragments, S-rank pets are converted into 120 fragments 
 - In "Legendary Summoning", for every 120 summons, the player is guaranteed to get a A-rank pet; in "Legendary Summoning", for every 120 summons, the player is guaranteed to get a S-rank pet, for every 60 summons, the player is guaranteed to get a A-rank pet. When "Ordinary Summoning" and "Legendary Summoning" take effect at the same time, only the rarest pets will appear.
 - When a duplicate pet is acquired, the pet will automatically convert into shards. 
 - When you fill out the wish list, the A-rank pets and S-rank pets you get will be the ones on your wishlist.

#### Pet Advancement

Adventurers can use pet shards to advance their pets. Pets can obtain powerful additional attributes through advancement. When reaching certain start levels, it will also provide powerful additional attributes to the adventurer! Among them, when the most powerful S pets are advanced to the maximum, they will provide powerful attributes and special appearance effects! The Pet Spirit function will be opened after reaching the maximum star level.

#### Pet Exchange Closed

Pet exchange items like Peco Peco and Poring Fruit can no longer be used to exchange pet eggs. There will be a new pet shard exchange function. Adventurers can exchange part of the pet shards to synthesize and advance pets. After the adjustment, the number of items required to obtain a pet through items remains the same.

### Guild Optimization

This update will optimize the guild management system, adding new functions such as guild name change, guild merger, batch dismiss, etc. Meanwhile, the permissions of guild management personnel have been optimized, and the guild master can manage the permissions of guild management personnel.

#### Guild Merger

A guild can invite another guild to merge. Two guilds will be merged once both guild masters agree to the merger, and the guild that is being asked to merge will be dissolved.

#### Guild Name Change

New guild name change function, the guild master can consume the specified item to change the guild name. After each successful name change, there will be a 7-day cooldown time.

#### Batch Dismiss

Members of the guild who have the permission to dismiss members can do so in batches.


#### Editing Permissions

The guild master will be able to edit the permissions of guild management positions in the guild permissions interface.

### Dimension Simulation Battle - New Season
 - Duration: 2022/11/28 05:00:00--2022/1/22 22:00:00

- Content: Level 70 or above players can participate in the ranked matches of Dimension Simulation Battle with a team or solo. Winners will receive points and advance to higher ranks after having a certain number of points. At the end of the season, the higher the rank, the better the reward.

### Activity Rewards Retrieval

New retrieval system that allows players to retrieve incomplete daily activity rewards of the previous day. Adventurers can use diamonds to retrieve all the remaining rewards of an event. The retrieval function stores the rewards of up to 2 events.


### Limited-Time Events

（1）The 4th Returning Recruitment Event
 - Duration: 2022/11/22 5:00:00 - 2022/12/22 4:59:59
 - Content: Establish a recruitment relationship with a returning player and earn Recruitment Coins by completing quests. Recruitment Coins can be used to redeem rewards in the Recruitment Shop. There is a limited mount in the Recruitment Shop waiting for you!
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above for the recruiter (active player) ; Base level 55 and above for the returning player


（2）MVP Fever！
 - Duration: 2022/11/28 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/5 4:59:59
 - Content: You can get additional MVP gift packs from MVP kills during the event period. The refresh time of MVPs is shortened from 120 minutes to 90 minutes. The obtainable daily MVP participation rewards/team rewards is increased from 5 to 7.
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（3）Malangdo Supply
 - Duration: 2022/11/28 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/5 4:59:59
 - Content: During the event period, you can select which item to receive the next day by talking to NPCs. The longer you’re online, the better the rewards you will receive!
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above


（4）Valkyrie’s Favor
 - Duration: 2022/11/28 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/5 4:59:59
 - Content: During the event period, players can respawn without using the respawn item.
 - Requirement: All Adventurers


（5）Desire for Combat
 - Duration：2022/12/2 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/5 4:59:59
 - Content：Extra Monster Annihilation time and battle time during the event.
 - Requirement: Base level 30 or above


（6）Deviruchi’s Offer
 - Duration: 2022/12/5 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/12 4:59:59
 - Content: You can get 5 additional limited-time Deviruchi Vouchers per day during the event (can be used within 7 days after the end of the event).
 - Requirement: Base level 30 or above


（7）Super Extreme Challenge
 - Duration: 2022/12/5 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/12 4:59:59
 - Content: During the event period, you will receive 50% more of the basic reward (Eden Coin). After completing the challenge, there is a chance to receive surprise gift bags.
 - Requirement: Base level 40 or above


（8）Operation Refinement
 - Duration: 2022/12/5 5:00:00 ~ 2022/12/12 4:59:59
 - Content: During the event, complete refinement quests to obtain rewards and event points, and use the points to redeem additional valuable rewards.
 - Requirement: Base level 35 or above


## Christmas Pass
 
 - Duration: 2022/11/30 05:00:00-2022/12/31 04:59:59
 - Reward collection: 2022/11/30 05:00:00-2023/01/05 04:59:59
 - Content: During the event period, Pass EXP can be obtained by completing Pass quests, collecting Pass EXP to level up the Pass, and receiving rewards.
 - Requirement: Base level 25 or above

### Adjustments

[Optimization]

 - Improved the daily activity chest rewards. Now players can get diamonds through the activity chest.
 - Removed the Eden Coin cost for card replacement.
 - Optimized the artwork of the weapon attribute converter in the Trade. Now it is easier to identify the converter attribute.
 - Optimized the damage cap per second for MVPs and sped up some MVP kills.
 - Optimized the interface display related to the Academy.
 - Improved the rewards of the Dimension Simulation Battle.

[Bug Fix]

 - Fixed the issue of Pharaoh Helmet having abnormal attributes.
 - Fixed the issue that some MVP drops of rare items would not be announced on the world channel.
 - Fixed the issue of abnormal description of some cards.
 - Fixed the issue of abnormal amounts obtained when cards from bidding are sold in the Underground Bazaar.


