We will have server maintenance from: 
Nov.7 23:00 ~ Nov.8 06:00 PDT

# New Job - Sage

 - Sage is the 2nd job change of Mage. While Mages continuously strengthen their own magic power, Sages pay more attention to their ability to fight against magic. Their unique skills can interrupt the spells being casted by the opponent, as well as draw the opponent's magic into their own power, which makes them magic killers.

 - Sages can become Scholars through 3rd Job Change. Scholars are very knowledgeable, and their control of elemental magic is unmatched. While their powerful single-target damage ability is further sublimated, they can flexibly switch between different elements to deal devastating damage to the enemy. 

## Sage Benefits

 - Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/12/10 4:59
 - Requirement: Server level 70 or above. Character level 25 or above.

✓Sage can receive exclusive rewards by reaching corresponding levels

✓Assist Sages during the event period to receive 35% more Proof of Union

✓Sages receive 2x EXP from commissions during the event period (not effective when the player base level is higher than the server level)

# Anniversary Limited Events

(1) Anniversary Party

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/24 4:59
- Reward Claiming Deadline: 2022/11/27 4:59:59
- Content: During the event period, players can obtain Ingredient Vouchers through completing commissions and killing monsters. Use them to complete dish orders and earn generous rewards!
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(2) Monster Incoming

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/24 4:59
- Content: During the event period, a large number of orcs travel through the space rift to invade Prontera. Adventurers, pick up your rune guns and do your best to destroy them!
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(3) 3x Card Drop Rate

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/17 4:59
- Servers: All servers
- Content: During the event period, the drop rate of cards obtained through monsters in the wild is increased to three times of the original.
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(4) Raid Hollgrehenn

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/24 4:59
- Reward Claiming Deadline: 2022/11/27  4:59
- Content: During the event period, adventurers can earn rewards by participating in game events, and the higher the points earned during the period, the better the rewards are likely to be.
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(5) Poring Treasure Chest 

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/24 4:59
- Content: During the event period, adventurers can earn rewards by participating in game events, and the higher the points earned during the period, the better the rewards are likely to be.
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(6) Anniversary Special Sign-in Gift

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/21 4:59
- Content: During the event, adventurers can log in every day to participate in the anniversary sign-in and get the anniversary super gift!
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

(7) Limited Time Nyan Berry Tree Recharge

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/24 4:59
- Content: During the event period, adventurers can feed the Nyan Berry tree through recharging, and the tree will provide generous rewards for adventurers when they grow to different stages.
- Requirement: Base level 30 or above

(8) Cat Hand Caravan 3x Rewards

- Duration: 022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/17 4:59
- Content: During the event period, participate in Cat Hand Caravan and complete the daily quest to obtain 3 times rewards.
- Requirement: Base level 45 or above

(9) Commission Carnival 7x EXP

- Duration: 2022/11/10 5:00~2022/11/17 4:59
- Content: During the event period, adventurers can get a total of 7 times EXP by participating in the daily commission quests!
- Requirement: Base level 40 or above

## The Mysterious Visitor in Prontera - Prophet

 - A prophet with mysterious powers is visiting Prontera. Go find the mysterious visitor in the city and obtain the mysterious gift!

## New Dungeon - Purification of Glast Heim Monastery

## New dungeon in Sage’s Memory and Helheim - Purification of Glast Heim Monastery

# New Map - Juno
As the seal of Juno is finally lifted, the dusty past will be gradually revealed, and another thrilling and exciting adventure is about to begin!

- Juno and the surrounding areas are now available
- New Juno MVP monsters, MINI monsters, elite monsters, and regular monsters
- New Juno appearance items in Monster Collection Shop

## New Level 110 Gears and Level 115 Accessories

 - With the level up, the Gear Merchant also introduced more powerful gears. Participating in Helheim Disturbance to obtain gear blueprints or gear blueprint fragments. Adventurers who have reached level 110, hurry up and forge the right level 110 gears!

 - At the same time, powerful level 115 accessories have appeared in Midgarts. Adventurers need to challenge high level MVPs all over the continent to acquire the overwhelming power of level 115 accessories!

# Academy

- Adventurers who reach Base level 40 or above will unlock the Academy, where adventurers can form mentor-student relationships, complete quests together, and grow together. 
- The academy provides a recruitment platform where adventurers can post information about seeking mentors or students.
- Adventurers who are sure they want to establish a mentor-student link can team up and go to Argos in Prontera and establish the link.
- Students who complete quests will receive academy coins, which can be exchanged for their favorite items in the academy shop.
- An adventurer can only be a mentor if his or her power is no less than 120% of the student.
- Each adventurer can have 1 mentor and 3 students.

##  Holy Medal

After adventurers reach level 110, they can unlock the Holy Medal by completing the guide quest. Adventurers can activate the Holy Medal to obtain powerful attribute bonuses.

## Job Balance

Verus Adjustments

### Champion               
- Path to Shura: The skill multiplier of Raging Palm Strike is increased by up to 50%.

### Alchemist
- Fury of Vanilmirth: The skill damage of Vanilmirth’s Caprice is increased by up to 30%. 

- Life Resonance Module: Life Cooperation inherits 30% attributes from the player. Homunculus takes 50% less damage.

### Sniper
- Falcon Mark: The maximum number of stacks is increased to 5. The duration is increased to 8 seconds.        
- Eagle Focus: The maximum damage is increased to 20%.
     
## PVP Environment Adjustment
 - New Item - Anti-Invisibility Potion: Use it to get anti-invisibility vision in a 8 yards radius for 5s. Cooldown is 15 seconds

# Holiday Events

2x Card Drop Rate

- Duration: 2022/11/21 5:00~2022/11/28 4:59
- Content: During the event period, participate in Cat Hand Caravan and complete the daily quest to obtain 2 times rewards.
- Requirement: All players

Thanksgiving 7 Days Sign-in

- Duration: 2022/11/21 05:00~2022/12/01 04:59
- Content: Thanksgiving is coming, and during the event period, players can participate to get special Thanksgiving gifts!
- Requirement: Base level 25 or above

Helheim Racing

- Duration: 2022/11/21 5:00~2022/11/28 4:59
- Content: During the event, there will be a Helheim Challenge ranking. The shorter the time, the higher the ranking. There are many rewards to be redeemed!
- Requirement: Base level 45 or above

Operation Commission

- Duration: 2022/11/21 5:00~2022/11/28 4:59
- Content: During the event period, your daily limit of Commission Tickets is increased by 20 tickets (refreshed at 5:00 daily)
- Requirement: The Commission feature is unlocked

## Adjustments

#### [Optimization]

Increased the reward for MINI kills.　
Optimized the reward page for MINI kills.
Optimized the friend function. Now you can't receive invitations from blocked adventurers.
Optimized the dungeon reward and failure page display.
Optimized the backpack display of low weight cogwheels. Now low weight cogwheels are more easily identified.

#### [Bug Fix]

Fixed the issue that some MVP rare drops would not be announced in the world channel.
Fixed the abnormal receiving of Dimension Simulation Battle rewards.
Fixed the issue that clicking on the items sent by friends in a group chat would not show the item details.
Fixed the lagging issue of the dismantling page.
Fixed the issue that the game occasionally freezes when players prepare ingredients for Guild Banquet.
Fixed the abnormal display of some MVP drops.
Fixed the abnormal display of some gear attributes.utes.
